This series looks at life in one
of Britain's busiest airports.
On today's show...
Ian Foot.
Immigration gets a call.
Well, how brown? I'm on my way.
Fearghal goes all out to
impress his passengers.
- Excuse me?
- Yes?
I actually ordered
a vegetarian meal.
Oh, sorry about that. Right. Er...
And there's something in
the air for Simon and Jackie.
Smells disgusting in here.
It's probably just
the air circulation.
No, it smells like one of yours.
Next please.
It's 9am and at the
FlyLo check-in desk
Melody is faced with a weighty problem.
Are you travelling on your own? Yes.
Sorry, I had to ask, but
I can't see round you.
Excuse me, Melody. Sorry, sir, can
I just have a very discreet word?
- What's it about?
- Big fat man there. Yes.
Because of the gentleman's size he
will need to purchase another seat.
I've just been speaking to
my colleague, and I'm going
to have to politely request that
you purchase a second seat, sir.
Because you're so fat.
- There's not much I can do
about this, is there? - No sir.
- Boarding in half an hour.
- Thank you.
What seats did you give him?
- 9B and 37D.
- It's got to be two seats together.
Well, you never said that.
Next please.
- We get this most days now.
- Yeah.
There's a great big
fat person standing there
and we have to tell them because
they're so big
they've got to buy another ticket.
- It's one of the perks of the job.
- Yeah.
FlyLo currently have
the worse environmental
record of any UK airline.
But owner Omar has a plan
to rectify the situation.
Today I will make aviation history.
I will announce that FlyLo
is first airline to go green.
Good morning, good morning.
Good morning to you ladies
and gentleman of the press.
Today I bring you here, to this
beautiful park
to show you FlyLo's
commitment to the environment.
This morning I see catalogue of lies
about my airline on programme called
Daybreak. They say FlyLo is
polluting the environment.
Christine Bleakley you are not as
attractive as you think
and your teeth are
too big for your mouth.
And Adrian Chiles, you look like
potato! Not nice potato, ugly potato.
So today I am planting tree to
show FlyLo's commitment to the
environment.
Please do come.
Get good photo, please.
How many trees are you
going to plant, Mr Baba?
Just this one. I now declare
that FlyLo is carbon-neutral!
Yes!
'I have many other plans for
my airline to help save environment.'
I am going to make the
skirts of stewardesses 30%
shorter, use less fabric.
From next week I am phasing
out toilet paper in all of my
planes and as of today I have
stopped using deodorant.
Musky.
Fearghal works for Irish
airline Our Lady Air.
The company runs a Steward Of The
Year competition,
and this year
Fearghal is desperate to win.
One of things you get marked
on for Steward Of The Year is
how much duty free you sell.
Our best selling items are
perfumes and actually a lot
of celebrities have started
bring out their own scents.
We've got Pam St Clement from
EastEnders has brought out
"Pat Smell".
Sarah Ferguson. "Embarrassment",
obviously.
And for the men there's Ashley Cole,
"Love Rat",
Gavin Henson, "Greasy Face"
and, er, this is a new one.
Mel Gibson, "The Jews Are Responsible
For All The Wars In The World".
Doesn't really sell so well,
that one.
But no matter how much perfume
he sells, Fearghal won't win
Steward of the Year without
excellent customer feedback.
Yes. Excuse me, I need a word.
I bought a business class
ticket for this flight. Yes, sir?
I'm terribly sorry, sir, I forgot
to give you this.
There we are, sir. Welcome to
business class.
We have these passenger
questionnaires on all our
flights now. It's to help
the airline decide who should be
Steward Of The Year, but I don't want
to bother my passengers with that.
I just want them to relax and enjoy
the flight so I fill them in myself.
And so far I've had a 100% approval
rating, which is pretty amazing.
Right...
I'm sorry, but you can't
travel today because your
passport is out of date.
Back down at Great British Air
check-in this passenger
has a problem.
But no-one can speak Chinese.
Fortunately, Executive
Passenger Liaison Officer
Moses is quickly on the scene.
Let me. I speak perfect Chinese.
Your passport is out of date.
Out of date your passport is.
No?
Parlez-vous francais?
Sprechen sie Deutsch?
That's a shame. I don't speak any
German.
Other than "Sprechen sie
Deutsch?" I'll try mime.
No?
Unable to overcome the language
barrier, Moses is forced to
think outside the box.
So what I'm going to do is, I'm going
to give you this
and you've got to go outside
and get on a bus to London,
and hopefully you'll find your
way back to China from there.
I think he's getting some of it.
Right, off you go, off you go.
That's right. Bye bye. Bye bye.
Get on the bus, that's right.
Bye bye. Bye bye.
At Great British Air,
we do like to go the extra mile.
It's 12 pm and love is in the air.
Tommy isn't due at work for another
four hours, but has come in early,
because someone has caught his eye.
'I'm so early today because there's
a wee lassie who works at FlyLo
check-in'
and I really fancy her. She's the
most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
In fact, she's so beautiful she
shouldn't be working here, she
should be working at a tanning
salon. I've never actually spoke
to her in the flesh, but last week
I sent her a love letter with a
chicken nugget sellotaped to it.
And today's a big day, because I'm
going to ask her if she wants to
come out for dinner with me tonight.
In fact, I've actually booked a
table at KFC, so fingers crossed.
There's a queue here.
Right.
Next please. Where are you flying to
today? Right, OK...
Simon and Jackie are Britain's
first husband and wife flying team.
But ever since Simon had an
affair five years ago, the couple
have had a stormy relationship.
You need to have your back waxed
as well. It's disgusting.
It's like going to bed with a monkey.
Fuel left and right,
tank two-and-a-half.
During the preparation for today's
flight, Jackie has spotted a
familiar name on the staff rota.
She's on the plane.
The stewardess who slept with
Simon, she's cabin crew today.
There she is, over there.
She doesn't know me but I know her.
Oh, yes.
Not as attractive as I thought.
She must have put on weight,
probably the guilt.
Look at her, undressing those
men with her eyes.
- Welcome on board.
-  Welcome on board!
That's what she said to Simon.
Just before he put it in her.
Holiday Inn, Glasgow, April
27th 2005. It was a Thursday.
I'm not going to mention it though.
I've moved on.
Ladies and gentleman,
welcome on board this Great British
Air flight 287 to Barcelona.
We'll be taking off
in just a few minutes.
Our cabin crew on board today will
be happy to help you in any way they
can, especially Sally Wicks who will
get down on her knees to help you.
Just don't leave her alone with your
husbands ladies, because Sally Wicks
is nothing more than a trollop.
Right, that's it. No Simon,
I'm going to say it.
Sally Wicks is a is a jezebel.
She's a homewrecker. She is the
slutty slut slut of the skies.
Enjoy the flight!
- Do you want cream or ice cream with
your apple pie tonight? - Ice cream.
Good, because we've
got some in the freezer.
It's lunchtime, but for Chief
Immigration Officer Ian
there's never a moment's rest.
As Immigration Officer,
you have to stay alert 24/7.
Except at night when
there are no planes.
So I'm always thinking of new ways
to keep my staff on their toes.
Today I am transforming myself into
your typical illegal immigrant
from the South American area.
My goal will be to enter the
country without being apprehended.
Let's see how tight the UK's
Border Control really is.
Hello, Ian.
Well done, Kenneth. Very eagle-eyed.
My staff do
tend to spot me most of the time.
I say most - so far they've spotted
me every time, but I'm factoring in
times in the future when I will slip
through unobserved.
Next please.
Tommy is still waiting to ask
Melody out for dinner,
and has now
been queuing for over an hour.
Who's next, please?
- You're next.
- Who's next please?
Hello. Where are you flying to
today?
Er. "Pragooey."
You mean Prague?
Aye.
Next please.
- Do you have a ticket?
- No.
'It didn't quite
go according to plan.'
I've got to fly to the Czech
Republic now, which I shouldn't
really do, because I'm supposed
to start work in ten minutes.
Oh, can you call KFC for me and
tell them I'm sorry, but I'm going
to have to let the table go?
Mickey and Buster, the airport
paparazzi, are taking a short break.
They have firm opinions on
the best kind of celebrities.
Oh, most of the celebrities we
photograph are very nice as it goes.
Yeah, if I had to pick a
favourite I'd probably
say, err, Colonel Gaddafi.
- Lovely fella. - Always stops by
for a chat, asks after the wife.
- I tell you who else is nice - Robert
Mugabe. - Oh, salt of the earth.
See, he knows the value of
a good picture, don't he?
He came through the other day and
someone had left a sombrero lying
around.
we asked him to
put it on and he couldn't
have been more obliging.
We got some very
funny photos, didn't we? Yeah.
Yeah. Who did we snap the other
day, lovely guy from North Korea?
Oh, the old, er, the old, er, the
old, er, the old, er, Kim Jong.
Kim Jong. Kim Jong.
Kim Jong come through the other day.
Yeah, yeah and Jordan
arrived at the same time.
So we got them to pose together -
made for a lovely spread in OK!
magazine.
That's it, yeah, we got in OK!
It's here, yeah we
got it here. Open it up and show
them. Here we go.
Yeah, I took that. He took that. I
took that. I took that.
He took that.
I took that. I took that.
Yeah everyone wins, really.
We make a few quid, Jordan
gets her face out there and we
see the lighter side of Kim. Yeah.
Lunchtime is normally a busy time
for the coffee kiosk, but today
Precious is having to close early.
Well, today something
very mysterious occurred.
We got coffee, we got cup, we
got sugar, we got sweetener,
we got full fat milk, we got low fat milk,
we got soya milk
for the lactose intolerant community,
and we got gas for to give us a hot,
hot fire, but the Lord in his
almighty wisdom
has decided that today
will be the day when we got no water.
Looks like someone, and I don't
know who, has taken a hacksaw
and cut through the water pipe.
Who would do such a thing?
Well, anyway the plumber here now,
but it going to take hours
to fix so me got no option but
to go to London town with my sisters
and catch the matinee performance
of Dirty Dancing.
Praise the Lord for the two-for-one
ticket offer! I've fixed it. What?
I've put a new length of pipe in
so it should be working for you.
There you go.
May the Lord smite thee down.
It's 3pm and the Woods family are checking in
for their annual summer holiday,
but there's a hiccup.
I have actually got you
booked in on this flight,
but not until next Monday.
Eh? You're on the same flight, but
I'm afraid you've come a week early.
- John! - Oh, sorry, love.
- Dad! What are we going to do?
Well, there's no point driving all
the way home and coming back, is
there? We might as well stay here.
Can we wait here?
Well, I'm sorry, sir, that's not
so good for the other passengers.
Are we all right here?
No, sorry, sir.
- We're all right here though?
- No.
Here?
Well, passengers do sometimes get
the dates of their flights wrong.
I mean, we had a gentleman recently
who turned up a year late
for his flight to
Manchester, but luckily
for him the plane was
delayed so actually he
managed to board on time.
Great British Air stewardess Penny
is thrilled that Princess Anne
is planning to fly
with the airline next week.
I'm not surprised that the
Princess has chosen to fly with us.
It's well known that we do provide
the finest First Class service.
For example, all us stewardesses
are now trained in massage therapy.
So on long haul flights we can offer
shiatsu, Swedish, deep tissue - all
of which come with a happy ending.
Morning.
A member of the Royal household has
been sent to inspect the cabin.
So the flight is next Tuesday.
Yes, it is Tuesday but I'd
rather you didn't broadcast it.
And that should give you
sufficient time to completely
repaint and recarpet the cabin.
Yes, yes, of course.
May I say, how honoured I am
that the Princess is flying with us.
I have personally admired
her for many, many years.
One thing the Princess
Royal despises is sycophancy.
We need to discuss Princess
Anne, the Princess Royal's,
dietary requirements.
- Do you provide a fruit salad?
- Yes, we do.
Wonderful. Princess Anne,
the Princess Royal, adores fruit salad,
but she can be a trifle choosy about
what sort of fruit she has in it.
What does your salad contain?
- Grapes. - The Princess
Royal does not eat grapes.
- Strawberries? - No.
- Kiwi? - No.
- Orange? - No.
- Guava? - No.
- Lychee? - No.
- Pomegranate? - No.
- Passion fruit? - No.
- Grapefruit? - No.
- Pear? - No.
- Gooseberries? - No.
- Blackberries? - No.
- Melon? - No.
- Mango? - No.
- Peach? - No.
- Pineapple?
- No.
- Apple? - Yes.
- Plum? - No.
- So just apples?
- Yes.
So I should just give
the Princess an apple?
Yes. Do you provide yoghurt?
Yes, we have the finest organic
yoghurt flown in daily from Guernsey.
The Princess detests yoghurt.
Baggage handlers at the airport...
have their part to play
in keeping air travel safe.
One of the things that I like
to do is carry out
my own personal security checks.
It's not part of our
official remit, is it, Dad?
No, boy, but I feel it gives the
public peace of mind, you know.
- Right, what we got here?
Yeah, that one looks good. - This one?
Yeah, the Louis Vuitton. Right, OK.
Ah, it's got a lock on it.
Ah, that's no bother. There we go.
Right. Get that there.
Oh, hello. Yeah, you see,
now, very common, it's a laptop.
This could have illegal images on it.
So we'll, er, take that
home for further analysis.
Right, what else we got?
Hello. "Gucky." Now the thing
about the shoes,
you can have
explosive devices in the heel.
So, er, we'll also take them home.
Plus they're my size.
Go and have a look in here. Ha-ha!
Here we go. Very common problem,
this. The i-Pod.
Yeah, now you're not allowed to
have these on on take off or landing.
Yeah, but they won't be able
to use it, it'll be in the hold.
Point of principle, son.
Right what have we got in here?
What's that? "Chay-nell Pour Om."
Nah, you're not allowed liquids
on board.
So, er, yeah, we'll
set that down there.
There's an aerosol in here.
You're not allowed them.
We should take that out. Eh?
We're not gonna get nothing for that
down the market are we? Silly sod.
Right, that one's good to go.
Omar Baba is famous for his playboy
lifestyle, and he now hopes
to cash in on this notoriety.
with his own unique take
on the Mile High Club.
This is my "Loveatory".
As you can see, it is very romantic.
We have cushioned area here for
extra comfort on the lady bottom.
Commemorative tissue
there, with my face on.
Also on the back of safety
card you have a number of
love-making positions.
And this one I
do with some of my wives.
And you can have as long
as you like to explore and
satisfy each other's bodies.
As long as it's under two minutes.
After two minutes, you hear
this noise.
'This is Omar. Stop doing a sex in
my toilet. Thank you.'
Excuse me, I have
some business to attend to.
*
FlyLo Flight 475 has just
touched down and the customer
service desk is about to receive
another onslaught from regular
passengers, Peter and Judith.
Right, I'm going to give
that woman a piece of my mind.
- Judith, please calm down.
- No Peter, I will not be becalmed.
We have had, and I never
thought I'd utter these
words, the holiday from hell.
By way of apology for
the previous debacle,
FlyLo offered us a very good deal
on a package holiday to Colombia.
Now as soon as we came
out of Bogota airport...
As soon as we came out of
Bogota airport, Peter was
bitten by a rabid dog.
Within minutes, he was howling
and foaming at the mouth.
My first thought was "Can I have
Peter put down?" I looked into it...
But the doctors said
it was unethical.
Yes, thank you, Peter. But the
doctors said it was unethical.
Peter became more and more ill.
- I had diarrhoea and was projectile
vomiting. - Peter, don't be so crude!
- Sorry Judith. - Peter had diarrhoea
and was projectile vomiting.
If you'd spun him round, you'd have
thought he was a catherine wheel.
- So we decided.... - So I decided
that the best course of action
was to take the first plane home.
Now while we were waiting at the
airport, a very charming man called
Carlos approached me
and offered me 5,000 $
- to take his briefcase through
Customs. - I had reservations...
Peter had reservations but we were
saving up for a loft conversion, so
I said "Yes", and gave the
briefcase to Peter to carry.
- When we landed in England...
- Peter, if I could just get a
word in edgeways! - Sorry, Judith.
I should hope so too, Peter.
When we landed in England,
Peter was stopped at customs.
They searched the briefcase and
found 20 kilograms of cocaine,
with a street value of
half a million pounds.
Peter was arrested and is
looking at a prison sentence
of no less than 12 years.
If I had to rate the holiday
out of five, I'd struggle
to give it more than three.
Back in the First Class cabin,
Penny is still busy making preparations
for Princess Anne's flight.
Now each passenger has their own
in-flight entertainment system
that allows them to browse
genres and choose from all
of the latest releases.
Princess Anne, the Princess Royal,
is extremely particular about
which actors she's willing to watch.
A list of approved
actors is as follows.
- Let me just get a pen.
- Quickly.
- Yes? - Jason Statham.
- Jet Li. - Yes.
- Dolph Lundgren. - Yes.
- Arnold Schwarzenegger. - Yes.
- Sylvester Stallone.
Oh, well, there is a film
with all those people in.
I believe it's called
The Expendables.
Maybe I could order that in
especially for the Princess.
Princess Anne, the Princess Royal
has already seen The Expendables.
- Did she like it?
- No, she did not.
She said it wasn't nearly violent enough
and I quote, "It was for pussies".
WishWings. If you'll pardon the pun.
Moses has spent the afternoon
collecting money for his
charity, WishWings.
Oh, thank you very much, that's
very generous. I'll make sure
most of that goes to the charity.
And he's now on his way to meet a
very important passenger...
Happy flighting.
..who's come all the way from
Albert Square. Barbara Windsor MBE.
Get out of my pub, please! Ha-ha!
Miss Windsor, my name is Moses. I've
been asked to take you
through to the gate.
- Oh, do we have to go now?
- No, not for another hour.
Oh, right.
Can I ask you
a question, Miss Windsor?
Yes, course you can, darling.
How on earth did you get an MBE?
I beg your pardon?
I've seen your bra flying off in
those Carry On films,
and I've watched you shouting at people
in EastEnders, and I thought
it can't have been for that.
Well, I got it for services to
entertainment and, actually,
I do a lot for charity.
- I do a lot for charity.
- Oh, really?
Yes. I run a charity called
WishWings, if you'll pardon the pun.
But I myself have never
been given an honour.
- Oh, right. - A lot of people
say to me "Moses,
you should really have an OBE
"or a knighthood", but I don't do it
for that. I do it for the children.
Well, yes, that has
to be the reason.
Yes.
But I still want one. Can you get me
one? Because you've managed
to wangle yourself one.
No, sorry, I can't do that.
Selfish.
Oh, erm, Miss Windsor, can
I just have your autograph, please?
Yes, of course you can.
Excuse me, what's this?
- Oh, nothing. Nothing.
-  No, no, no.
Just sign at the bottom there.
"Dear Queen, I'm writing on behalf
of my dear friend Moses Beacon.
"His charity WishWings,
if you'll pardon the pun..."
- But there's no pun there.
- Yes, there is.
"..has helped literally three
children achieve the flight of their
lives, if you'll pardon the pun."
There's no pun there either.
- Yes, there is. - "You may like to
know that the Honorary President
of WishWings is Tania Bryer."
- Now who's Tania Bryer?
- That's low.
"You should definitely make him
a knight or at least an OBE.
"Though not just an MBE that
would be a bit of an insult.
"Yours sincerely, Barbara Windsor.
"You know, that little old
common lady off the TV."
Do you need a pen?
Piss off.
Back in the First Class cabin,
Princess Anne's lady-in-waiting
has completed her inspection.
I very much look forward to
meeting the Princess on Tuesday.
Don't look at her, don't talk to
her, don't make a lunge at her.
I wasn't going to.
I know a lunger when I see one. In
fact I shall make a personal request
that you are not on the flight.
Good day.
Ho-huh!
What an awful snob that woman was.
After Jackie's outburst on the
plane, she and Simon have some news.
- Yes, I decided that the best thing
to do was for us to separate.
- Well, actually, I said it first.
Yeah, but I thought of it before
you said it, so, technically
Simon, it was my decision.
Yeah, I mean we're still
working together obviously.
We're still living together,
we've only got one bedroom so
we're still sharing a bed.
The only difference really
is that we're not physically
intimate with each other.
Well, we haven't been
for five years anyway.
No. So I've just started dogging.
- Really?
- Yes, it's very nice.
Where do you do that?
- In the cul-de-sac. -  What, and other
people are there having sex? - Yes.
- We're all having a gay old time.
- Anyone I know?
I don't know, I've
only seen them from waist down.
It's been a long week for the
Woods family
who are still waiting
for their flight.
It's been all right. We make do.
Yeah, I mean you talk to the other
passengers and you make new friends.
Then they have to fly away of course.
Yeah, but then you see we're
here to greet them when they
come back, which is nice.
It was our anniversary last night,
so we sat the kids in front of the
departure boards and we took
the monorail down to Terminal 2
and we went to the Cafe Rouge.
Yeah, they gave us a lovely
little table outside, near Tie Rack.
And on the weekend we took
the kids out for a treat,
down to Baggage Reclaim.
Yeah, we played a little
game with them, didn't we?
"Can you guess what colour
the next case is going to be?".
- Sometimes they're black, sometimes
they're grey. - Ooh, the red one.
Oh, yeah, we saw a red one the
other day. That was very amusing.
We went to the Bureau de Change,
and we changed our money into
Turkish and then back again.
That was a fun eight minutes. Hm.
- Smoothies.
- Oh, yes.
We've discovered that they give out
little samples of smoothies,
and if you collect enough of them
during the day, by six o'clock
you got your own full-size smoothie.
That's about it really.
Been a quiet sort of week.
- Oh, you won that Ferrari in the
raffle. - I did. That was nice. Yeah.
Night falls, and another
day in the life of the
airport draws to a close.
The Woods family ended up
missing their flight and are
still living in the terminal.
- Move your fat arse.
- I'm moving my fat arse.
Mickey and Buster added to
their portfolio of world leaders
when they snapped Vladimir Putin
playing frisbee with Abi Titmuss.
And Ian Foot remains vigilant.
Well, I've actually got the
whole variety of disguises here.
Got Australian, Rastafarian,
Russian, Lady Gaga
and Scotch.
Unfortunately these days there
are more and more Scottish people
trying to gain access to Britain.
Keep 'em out, I say. Keep 'em out!
Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd
E-mail subtitling@bbc.co.uk
Corrected by sopa33
www.addic7ed.com